Here is a line of text I want to break up into indiv
ere is a line of text I want to break up into indivi
re is a line of text I want to break up into individ
e is a line of text I want to break up into individu
 is a line of text I want to break up into individua
is a line of text I want to break up into individual
s a line of text I want to break up into individual 
 a line of text I want to break up into individual l
a line of text I want to break up into individual li
 line of text I want to break up into individual lin
line of text I want to break up into individual line
ine of text I want to break up into individual lines
ne of text I want to break up into individual lines.
e of text I want to break up into individual lines. 
 of text I want to break up into individual lines. b
of text I want to break up into individual lines. bl
f text I want to break up into individual lines. bla
 text I want to break up into individual lines. blah
text I want to break up into individual lines. blah 
ext I want to break up into individual lines. blah b
xt I want to break up into individual lines. blah bl
t I want to break up into individual lines. blah bla
 I want to break up into individual lines. blah blah
I want to break up into individual lines. blah blah 
 want to break up into individual lines. blah blah b
want to break up into individual lines. blah blah bl
ant to break up into individual lines. blah blah bla
nt to break up into individual lines. blah blah blah
t to break up into individual lines. blah blah blah
 to break up into individual lines. blah blah blahH
to break up into individual lines. blah blah blahHe
o break up into individual lines. blah blah blahHer
 break up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere
break up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere 
reak up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere i
eak up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is
ak up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is 
k up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a
 up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a 
up into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a l
p into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a li
 into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a lin
into individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line
nto individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line 
to individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line o
o individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of
 individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of 
individual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of t
ndividual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of te
dividual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of tex
ividual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text
vidual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text 
idual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I
dual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I 
ual lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I w
al lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I wa
l lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I wan
 lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want
lines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want 
ines. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want t
nes. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to
es. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to 
s. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to b
. blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to br
 blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to bre
blah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to brea
lah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to break
ah blah blahHere is a line of text I want to break 
h blah blahHere is a line of text I want to break u
 blah blahHere is a line of text I want to break up
blah blahHere is a line of text I want to break up 
lah blahHere is a line of text I want to break up i
ah blahHere is a line of text I want to break up in
h blahHere is a line of text I want to break up int
 blahHere is a line of text I want to break up into
blahHere is a line of text I want to break up into 
lahHere is a line of text I want to break up into i
ahHere is a line of text I want to break up into in
hHere is a line of text I want to break up into ind
Here is a line of text I want to break up into indi
